You finally woke up... in the middle of a field, you start to look around you.
it's only you and your sheeps. that dream again... it was about a treasure
hidden in the pyramids of egipt. Looking at your pocket there's an apple...
eat the apple
leave the apple alone
You ate the apple and the continue whit your trip. You walk for around twenty minutes
and the you start feeling sick the apple you ate was in bad condition. You lay down on
the floor and die... type "quit" to continue.
quit
quit
You are hungry, but it's not time to eat. You need to arrive to the town. Once you're there, you
will sell some stuff to keep the flock with you. After walking for hours you arrive and take a rest 
near the local fountain. you note that an old man is looking at you.
talk with the old man
take a sit in a bench
You decided that it is not important. you walk towards to a bench that is near the fountain
anyway the old man follows you and take a seat next to you, he looks directly into your eyes
and start talking He is Melquisedec, king of albania and wants to talk about your personal legend
what is a personal legend
just keep listen
You started a conversation with the man, he really looks interested in your story.
He also talked about that dream that have many times. He even knows your name...
to be honest, it's a little bit scary, but at the same time, you want to keep listening
ask the old man who is him
just keep listen
You ask the old man who is him, he remains in silent for a few seconds, it is almost like
if he is a little exited to talk to you. He says that he is Melquisedec, king of Albania. He want
to talk about that dream you had, all this time was a message, your destiny in Egypt.
ask how did he knows about your dream
ask how to get there
You don't say a word, just keep listen to the old man. That dream I have was a message
the old man also tell me about the treasure hidden in the pyramids the old man wants
you to go there and achieve your personal legend.
what is a personal legend
ask how to get there
The personal legend is what make the difference between a real man and a coward
everyone has a personal legend. A mission that only you're capable of... but
nevetheless you're the one who decides if will or won't do it...
ask which is your personal legend
get away from there
You start to think that this is all false obviously this
can't be real maybe he's just a person that spies me 
(you diceded to go home, now you will never know the rest of the story)
quit
quit
Your personal legend is to go to Egypt, to be specific, you need to go
to the pyramids there and find that hidden treasure. Maybe along your
trip you'll find some difficulties... it's your destiny. Are you in?
Im in
I don't think so  
Nice! to get there we need to travel for around eight days, the trip will be
dangerous but don´t worry, I know the desert, I grew up there... I will be preparing
provisions well... any questions?
not really
actually I have one
Well nevermind... it's getting late, go home and take a rest, you will need it.
Thath night you were thinking about the things the old man told you, maybe it's
a lie anyway, tomorrow is a new day. there's a glass of water next to you...
drink the water
don't drink the water
You drink the water before going to sleep, the next morning the sun was really bright
and hot and it's right in your position in the bed. Drinking that glass of water saves
you from dehidratation. What's next?
go with the old man
visit your neighbor
You decided not to drink that glass of water before going to sleep. The next day the sun
was really bright and hot, and it's right in your position in bed. You start feeling weak
the lack of water in your body causes a dehidratation. You die...
quit
quit
You decided to go with the old man. maybe he will not like to wait for me such a long time.
Once you arrive he is actually there, He says that you have two options to leave the city:
you can either go through Sudan or Chad
go through sudan
go through chad
You decided to go and talk to your neighbor, the topics of the conversation were really
interesting but... are you forgetting something? Oh no! the old man, you don't go to the
trip with him and now you will never know the rest of the story or your personal legend.
quit
quit
Sudan is a direct way to arrive to Egypt it's obviouly a the best choice... Or maybe not,
the trip was going well but when you and the old man arrive to the border of sudan a group 
eight people assaults you and loose everything there's no way to go back, you die...
quit
quit
Sudan seems to be a good option a direct way to arrive to Egypt but maybe for the same reason
go through Chad might be a better option, and it is, you take start your trip going through
Chad and everything were ok, you arrive to Egypt and find the treasure, you won the game!
quit
quit